I knew from the beginning
That we would get along well
No, I...
Since when have you been here?
Me? For about an hour?
But what kind of dream did you have
That made you break out in a cold sweat?
No, it's okay
Jaemin, did something happen?
Your face is pale
What do you mean, work
Nothing happened
Have you eaten?
You haven't eaten until this time, have you?
I'll make pasta for you
I already ate
Really?
Yes
I went grocery shopping to make you pasta
I guess I'll make it tomorrow
Jaemin, come here
Is it hard waiting for me?
I'll do better
So please wait a little longer, okay?
Once I'm done with my busy schedule
I'll really support you properly
Okay, thank you
[Lee Taeha: Did you get home safely yesterday? I'm sorry about yesterday. I think I was in a hurry, I apologize.]
What? You're already up?
Jaemin
Yes?
What's this?
What?
Who is it? Were you with them yesterday?
Just someone I do study sessions with
Just someone you do study sessions with
Sends a text like this?
Something happened, right?
Tell me now
We just had a meal
We just had a meal!
Why are you hiding it?
What happened?
Are you, by any chance,
shaken by someone else?
No, it's not like that
Be honest
Yesterday...
What happened with that person?
We just had a meal and came home
And that person kissed me
I was really surprised too
I really didn't expect it
And I told them I have a lover
You kissed someone else and came back
And lied to me?
I did that because I thought you might misunderstand
We're really nothing
I was worried you might misunderstand
It seems like you're the one creating the misunderstanding now?
Nami...
I really didn't know you
That you could be so brazen
And lie like this...
I really didn't know
Jaemin
That
You were shaken
I was surprised you contacted me first
I actually had another study session today
But I skipped it and came
Um...
I'll say it again, I have a lover
Ah...
I know
It would be strange if someone like you didn't have a lover
I thought that from the beginning
Ah
Then why did you do it?
I'm sorry
I will apologize
I was in a hurry
No, you don't have to apologize
Please don't contact me anymore
I came out to say that today
Ah
I see
Jaemin
Honestly, you were shaken, right?
I can tell by looking into your eyes
Actually, I knew from the first time I saw you
Ah, this person is lonely
You're similar to me
That's why I was drawn to you
Not just me, but you too, Jaemin
I can wait
I told you it doesn't matter if you have a lover
Honestly
It's true that I was a bit shaken
So I was disappointed in myself
I hurt the person I love
I don't want to hurt that person anymore
And I don't want to give false hope to someone I don't have feelings for
I was mistaken
I thought I could hide the fact that I was a little shaken
But I couldn't
Can we at least be friends?
No
I don't want to
Because I don't want to hurt that person anymore
You're firm
I'm sorry for shaking you
I'm jealous of Jaemin's lover
They must be a good person, right?
Yes
They are more than I deserve
I should go now
[It's me, I'm in front of your house Please, let's talk face to face]
Why are you doing this?
Do you know what time it is?
I'm sorry
I'm sorry for lying
Jaemin
I'm not just disappointed that you lied
It's that you didn't trust me
What?
Whatever happened to you
If you had told me the truth
I would never have misunderstood you
But
You lied because you didn't trust me
Yes
Was I...
Not trustworthy?
No, I was afraid of hurting you
Hurt...
I did get hurt, a lot
If I had heard it directly from you
It would have hurt less
I was wrong
I won't do it again
I thought you'd never want to see me again
How could I not see you?
I miss you to death even if I don't see you for a day
Whatever happens, tell me everything
I'll listen to it all, okay?
Okay
I have a lot of questions but I'll hold back
Hmm?
I don't know, there's just something
How can I live without seeing this face?
I have something to say
Hmm?
I love you
I love you too
Me too
I love you